1. How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

By using diff we see only the changes that have been made from one file to another. If the original file was working and the new one is not it must definitely because of something that got edited/added/removed. It helps to identify bugs.

2. How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?


By viewing the entire history we can see the effect of the changes introduced and the ones which were really effective. It helps to learn a lot from the experiences of others.

3. What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having different versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Manually choosing when to save helps to save files that are executable/runnable/compilable and present a logical step to step change progress.

4. Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file seperately?

For users of Git, mostly used for writing code, the different files are related as they be referring to the same function, class, etc. but however, for Google Docs the files are more or less independent of each other.

5. How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log is used to show the list of all the commits made until now. It shows the id of each commit and the message. The git diff command takes two arguments the ids of the initial file and final file. Using git diff and passing two ids we can see the difference between these two files. By using git diff on consecutive ids we can see the entire history of the files.

6. How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Since we can restore the previous version of the files very easily we can be more confident to make changes to the code.

7. Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I would like to use Git for all my code related projects that I will be doing in the future. To be more specific I will be using it to do my Android Apps, as of now.